You act like that
Bai Qianzi, did you see that?
IF
You continue to openly stand with this kid
Trying to deceive everyone
Do you think your Bai family can still be bad?
Xu Shaofang, sorry.
I'm so sorry for our family.
Our family Qianzi is ignorant
Sorry for the embarrassment.
Embarrass him
It's all our fault
Master Xu, don't you like our Qianzi?
Uh, how about this?
Today I call the shots.
Let our Qianzi accompany you for a while
As long as you can spare our Bai family mother
Mom, what are you talking about?
Mrs. Zhou good idea
Boy, your counterfeit is a counterfeit after all.
Never on the table
Here, let me take a look.
Xu Shaode, you use the heavy weapons of the country
How dare you offend my fiancee
You should destroy the three clans
Destroy my three clans
Offend me just because of you
Impersonating God before
Even if I fail
My lord won't let you go
Those who dare to offend the Lord of God die
Greet the Lord God